SOI said to him what the meatlovers okay
in one world doesn't mean love it mean
mushroom yeah way and I'm like nah and
she's all like yeah hi so true this is
kheireddine what do you need five oh man
it's getting crazy out there you know
what I'm saying we need some serious
boomstick and they say you're the guy
that can make that happen
hey everyone we're back with another
video of the amazing spider-man 2 and
what we're looking at is the vigilante
suit for the PlayStation 4 or the Xbox
360 here it is ah this is really easy
suit you you get it when you begin the
game because it first appeared in the
amazing spider-man film 2012 here it is
and the thing that's different is we max
out our stat this is the max out stat
damage bonus 36 percent heroic bonus 72
percent stealth efficiency 36 percent so
here is what it does that's pretty much
it it's maxed out it lets you use your
heroic stuff easier but we're going to
go in here and look at it just like
every other suit video so that people
that don't have the game might want to
get it because they see the suit or
maybe because it's something they've
never seen before
so there are some really cool suits in
the game if you haven't checked it out
you should definitely check it out
you
like captain Stacy used to say who's the
little fish to catch the big ones
alright pretty much this is what
spiderman be game began his career with
nothing to Webb bad guys love to use
burner cell phones that can't be traced
but if I find the transmission tower I
can tap into it and hear what they say
alright so as you can see uh some
runners on jeans black jeans and he has
like a hoodie kind of jacket here so
we're going to just take a look at it
quickly okay we might not want to go up
there
all right we're standing in the Sun
that's not a good view either all right
here it is all right so he's bending
forward now pretty much II I think he
has a t-shirt on Bell you know some
stuff and I've read I don't know what
he's he wearing can even see behind
those glasses though I mean it's not
like it doesn't look like he actually
cut the thing but anyways let's go up
here and we'll just take a look at it
regularly with our silver suit videos I
can't have the cell tower until I shut
them down I'm still not sure how that
weird tingling sometimes works
hopefully it'll show up to help me find
him so as you can see here his entire
eye is covered in the in this design I
you see like there's not even holes all
right
okay Alphabet City talk to me
what do you always gun
I thought you into harness these days
everyone that could be carrying time for
old spike Carradine
whoever he is can't let him put more
guns on the street this fighter let's
not fight I never mind let's fight let's
be honest that doesn't really look like
spider-man how would they even guess
this the evidence over a Molotov
your course spider-man chase us or let
those people burn
are we're going to stay stand now or
save Stan
Hey
jumping
oh boy much obliged fighting any time
Stan hey had you like me to call the
Daily Bugle huh and tell him that
Jamison is full of it huh I'm not gonna
stop you
so long I should head over to the comics
check in on Stan alright that's pretty
much it just doing a little free roam
for everyone to check out the outfit
there's nothing inherently evil about
minions and I could use the help
I think maybe we should take a look at
him charging up his seismic webbing or
seismic blast alright let's watch his
hand go kaboom
seismic blast
I love yelling the names of weapons when
I use them I should be in a fighting
game hey we can charge that in the air
that's pretty cool let's try it again I
give this seismic blast ten on the
Richter scale
so I said to him was meatlovers okay
in one world doesn't me love it me
mushroom yeah way and I'm like nah and
she's all like yeah hi
so true this is kheireddine what do you
need five oh man it's getting crazy out
there you know what I'm saying
we need some serious boomstick and they
say you're the guy that can make that
happen
Allen bhai noodles for two hours